[MUSIC]
>> Brian: Let's go make our links
work because that really bothers me.
So go in here to, let's do store.jsx.
No, not store.
It's in search.
>> Speaker 2: Is that in show card?
>> Brian: It's in show card.
Yep.
>> Brian: So
we're going to pull in a link
here from React router.
>> Brian: And, that's so funny,
where did I do that?
>> Brian: And I wanna say it's,
again this off with the memory so,
>> Brian: We're gonna
go to
>> Brian: Details.
Actually let's do this like this.
>> Brian: details/imdbID, so
props.imdb.ID.
You can also do .ID as well,
it will be props.params.id as well.
Let's go and do it like that though,
I like that better.
>> Brian: And make sure that works also
I'll have to go look it up.
>> Brian: This is also
gonna be a string and it also isRequired.
>> Brian: Let me check real quick,
make sure everything didn't break.
>> Brian: Did break,
that's not good.
>> Brian: I
think I need a leading slash too.
Leading slash right there.
>> Brian: So try that again.
Okay, now it works.
Okay, so now each one of these is a link,
if you click on the right one,
it will take you to the right page.
So, to recap what I did there,
brought in link right there.
And here, I just wrapped everything
in a link to details, props.imdbID.
And just wrapped it all on the link.
And I also added two new things to,
actually one new thing to the prop types,
that's it.
>> Brian: And
I'll cut a branch after this.
>> Speaker 2: One question,
how would you handle clearing the search
term when returning to the landing page
after a search?
There's kinda wondering
what's the best place for
that action.
>> Brian: Like where is the best
place to fire the action?
I guess I'll answer both questions.
>> Speaker 2: Best place for
the action to live.
>> Brian: So you can you one or
two things.
I'm a fan of making a clear state action
so you just fire off an action that says
clear my search term and then anyone can
fire blindly doesn't have to have like cuz
you can also just say set search term
to be empty string and that's fine too.
I guess either way I can see
reasons you don't use either one of
those.
>> Brian: Where the place to do it.
>> Brian: So,
>> Brian: Clear the searchable returning
to landing after a search.
I probably do it on
component will unmount,
which we'll talk about that March
towards the end of the class.
But there's basically, when you're
component is leaving the page, you can
have it do certain actions using
what's called the life cyclemethod and
that particular part of the lifecycle
is called component will unmount.
Basically, I'm about to leave the page,
you can just fire off an event that says
clean my search term, that would work too.
With React router,
remember we did onEnter.
There's also an onExit as well, and
that would also be an okay place for
that to live.
In this particular case,
I'd probably choose onExit cuz it seems
to really relate more to routing than
it does to component unmounting.
That's a judgment call though.
I don't know if there's
a right answer there.